Okay, trying to list all changes.  Not going to succeed.

		Present day.  Present Time.  


Added game-type autodetection for demos & net1 clients.  
Revised various animate_predict functions

                Bleeding Edge release

Added _prediction_keys to Control, and Ship::animate_predict to use it
Fixed critical bug in VideoWindow::lock()
Fixed some color-related bugs

                Bleeding Edge release

!!!!! Lots of changes related to Vectors stuff !!!!

                Ultra-Bleeding Edge update

Added alpha, blending, dithering, & more support to the AASTR code
!!!!! Lots of changes related to Vectors stuff !!!!
!!!!! Converted engine core to using 2d Vectors !!!!!
Changed VideoWindow::lock() & unlock()

                Bleeding Edge update

Optimized Vector2 unit_vector ( angle );
Added Vector2 class & basic operations
Fixed desynch bug in HomingMissile prediction
Changed aiming algorithm in WussieBot
!!!Changed angles from degrees to radians!!! (probably made lots of mistakes)
Fixed a few details in View / Camera code.  
Re-implemented in-game chat using game events.  
Improved event networking.  
Moved TrugGame event networking to Game
!!Changed health & damage from int to float.  
Made maximum speed changeable at run-time.

                Post-Release Update

Changed the View / Camera code.  
Changed sound initialization to be louder but not mess with the windows mixer settings.  
Changed -auto_unload to be a .ini setting instead of a command line option
Fixed Ilwrath aiming
Fixed infinite-loop sometimes when multiple ships die simultaneously.  
A bunch of minor bug-fixes.  

		Alpha release (21:44 7/15/2002)

Futzed with Asteroid death animations
Added seperate package, "dev.zip" for extra development stuff
Fixed demo recordings of network games.  
Switch to Allegro 4.0.2
Fixed a major networking bug (collisions).  
Organized ship .dat's, .ini's, and .txt's into directories.  
Changed the way ships work a lot.  
Added a datafile "stars.dat", and made starfields 
	automatically use all star picturse included in it.  
Fixed demo recordings.  
Fixed a bug in starfields
Fixed a bug in non-integer anti-aliasing
Added team support to NormalMelee and the "Teams" menu.  
Reorganized high-level rendering code slightly.  
Varith removed some ships, changed others.  
Added command line option -interpolate_frames to uncouple the 
	graphical frame-rate from the physics tic-rate.  
Added command line option -noidle to cause TW to use all 
	available CPU
Added the ability to automatically unload ship data.  Enable 
	with -auto_unload
Fixed bug(s) in some Varith ship?
Fixed a bug in Kat Poly ?
Fixed two bugs in the AA code.  
Fixed aspect ratio of ship panels in melee.  
The Fly fixed the joystick code.  
The Fly shuffled around the code in scp.cpp a lot,and added 
	lots of comments.

		Alpha release (21:44 6/23/2002)

Varith sent in a bunch of new ships.
Some new game modes were sent in (teams melee, vanguard, )
Fixed a major networking bug (random numbers).
Changed starfields a lot.
Fixed some issues in Vanguard.
Recorded a new demo for the main release.

