How to hack Star Control: TimeWarp


1     Hacking the Ship configs:

	In the ships directory there are 25 (or more) shp?????.dat files, 
and an equal number of ?????.ini files, one of each sort of files for each
ship, with the first three ?s matching the first three letters of a species
name, and the next two matching that species ship class.  For examples,
Chmmr Avatars use the files shpchmav.dat and chmav.ini.  Don't touch the
.dat files, it's harder to change them and easier to screw things up when
changing them.  Use your favorite text editor (for instance, edit or
notepad) on the .ini files.  Inside there will be a bunch of lines like 
"Damage = 2", organized into sections like "[Weapon]".  You can change the
stuff on the right hand side of the "="s, and ships in the game will change
properties!  Neato.
	(If you really want to change the .dat files, you can, but a text
editor alone won't work, you'll need to use the Allegro grabber first)

2     Compiling TimeWarp:

	You've edited the ships .ini files, but that's not enough.  You want
to hack directly at the source.  How do you start?  
	Well first you need a C++ compiler and Allegro.  If you don't
already have a compiler then we recommend DJGPP, a free DOS C++ compiler,
closely related to the standard GNU/linux compiler gcc.  tw05u5 has also
been shown to compile with Micro$oft Visual C++ (version 6.0) and ordinary
gcc (version 2.95 on linux).
        A detailed step-by-step walk-through of downloading & installing
everything necessary to build a DOS version of TimeWarp using DJGPP is
included in the file "djgpp.txt".
        The windows executables distributed with most TimeWarp versions are
compiled using Visual C++.  If you can't afford VC++, and wish to make a
windows version, it might also be possible with Borlands free compiler or
with MingW.  MingW and DJGPP are related to gcc.  

3     The Source Code:

        Read code.txt if you are planning on submitting code for use in the TimeWarp project.  

        The rest of the information in this file may be out of date.  

        The code is object oriented C++.  Any method named calculate() is 
probably called once per frame of physics, while any method named animate() 
is probably called once per frame of graphics.  Text search (ts.exe) or a 
similiar utility (grep) can be very helpfull when editing SCTW; you frequently 
need to findwhat file something is defined in, and without an IDE that does 
that for you things can get difficult.  


	games/gsample.cpp is thouroughly documented.  Read it for a 
description of how to write new game types for TimeWarp, and as an 
introduction to TimeWarps style of doing things.  
	The code for all the ships can be found in the various ships 
directories (sc1ships, sc2ships, sc3ships, newships).  None of the 
ships are commented, but since there are so many you can frequently 
find a ship doing exactly what you want to do.  
	Many of the header files (.h files) are partially documented.  
Read them for information on how to interact with the various components 
of TimeWarp.  In particular, read melee/mframe.h, as it contains the 
most important stuff.  

