Networking FAQ

Q.  I can't find networking in the menu.  Where is it?  
A.  Click on "Extended Menu".  

Q.  When I try to start a network game it says "Networking is disabled 
(compile time) in this version of TimeWarp".  What do I do?  
A.  Use the windows binary (twwin.exe) instead of the DOS binary 
(twdos.exe).  

Q.  The client asks me for an IP Address and Port number.  What should I 
tell it?  
A.  Give it the IP address of the server, and leave the port number at 
15515.  By the way, you can usually also enter a name instead of an IP 
number (e.g. orz.res.wpi.net instead of 130.215.232.159)

Q.  What's my servers IP address?  
A.  Run "winipcfg" on your server.  It will tell you.
A2.  If you're running win2k/NT, you type "ipconfig" 
or "ipconfig /all" instead of "winipcfg".  

Q.  What are the keys used for controlling a network game?  
A.  The client will use the keyboard setup 0 on the clients machine.  The 
server will use keyboard setup 0 on the servers machine.  These default to 
thrust = keypad8, left = keypad4, right = keypad6, fire = enter, 
special = leftshift.  

Q.  I'm playing on a LAN, with very low ping times, like 5-10 milliseconds, 
but the game feels laggy.  How can I get rid of the lag?  
A.  Edit server.ini on the server.  A line near the top will look like 
"Lag = 175".  Change the 155 to something lower, like 35 or something.  

Q.  I'm playing with high ping times, and game is slow and jerky 
sometimes... How do I fix this?
A.  The slowdowns and/or jerks can be removed by changing the line in 
the servers scp.ini that says "Lag = 175", increasing that by 200.  
Doing this will actually increase how long it takes for your key presses 
to take effect, butit's often worth it to get rid of those annoying 
pauses and slowdowns.  If your ping is sufficiently high you might also 
want to slow down the timescale of the game, by lowering "Turbo" in 
server.ini from 1.0 to 0.7 or even 0.5 .

Q.  How do I measure my ping time?  
A.  On one computer, type ping x.x.x.x , where x.x.x.x is the IP address of 
the other machine.  A good ping under 100 ms is good, a ping time under 200 
ms is decent, a ping time under 300 ms is mediocre, and anything over that 
may be too slow or laggy for some people even if the Lag parameter is set 
optimallly.  

Q.  I get the error message "Game has Desynchronized" or
something like that.  
A.  Start a new game.  Try to make sure that both your server and client are
using exactly the same version of TimeWarp (look in version.txt to find out
what version you have).  Modifications to .ini files won't cause desynchs, 
but modifications (or deletions) of .dat files will.  If none of the above circumstances apply, tell me about it.  

Q.  I don't have anyone to play against.  How do I find someone?
A.  Check the TimeWarp webpage (http://www.star-control.com/timewarp/) for
the latest method of reaching other TimeWarp players.  



orz
