The Hotspot Ship !

About the ship:

You can control the lens after the weaon is activated by pressing the fire key and the turn-left or turn-right keys together. This controls the point where the dangerous hotspot is projected.

It's quite hard to track the target, even for the most experienced captain, therefore there's the Autofocus special, which can be toggled on or off by pressing the special once (toggling on costs a 1-time consumption of 2 fuel). The Autofocus system isn't perfected yet, firstly, it is much slower than manual focusing and secondly, the system uses extreme amounts of power, which reduces the power of the hot spot, dealing less damage than normal.

About the race:

VinsMel

(GeomanNL/ Bristle/ (Culture20))

Hotspot Aliens - they use the hotspot ship.

By nature extremely nearsighted, see the entire world in a blur. Their environment was bright, with little variation; moreover, they'd scavenge for food on the surface of dried-up ponds and streams, so their short legs/arms and their near-sightedness was good enough for their survival.

Live on the extremely bright surface of a sunbaked planet.

The planet has a few salty seas where life is plentyful; and mountainous areas with temporary streams; further, there are tundras, steppes and lots of desert.

Catlike appearance, short legs/arms, big head, wear big glasses.

Close Minded - as in, very much absorbed in their own thoughts. They've difficulty to communicate with the outside world; this dull appearance hides their inner emotions and fantasies which can be very complex, interesting and sometimes, even dangerous. It is hard to make contact, but once you do, you gain access to a world with unexpected depths, which can be both positive and negative.

Friendly - they usually hardly notice your presence, but when they do, are easily able to insert your presence in their own personal mental world... the resulting physical response (if any) can vary from anger to disinterest or even love.

Nerds - as in, they use their gadgets and knowledge for their own pursuit of nerd-like thoughts (lust, revenge, fear).

GIANT myopic glasses - they wear big glasses in order to see the world around them. At the same time, those glasses form a safe barrier between them and the world, from which they can safely observe it.

Early - Tribal, small groups of VinsMel examining the groun closely for food (plants, animals, insects). On the banks of a stream, a VinsMel found a giant lens, naturally shaped by the water, of quite pure transparent crystal. When looking through it, the VinsMel could observe distant objects as clearly as the seeds and insect he searched for on the ground.

The tribe that possessed the giant lens (naturally formed phenomenon) became dominant, since they had an obvious advantage; planning ahead, knowing where to go! By seeing their environment as a whole, they were able to advance significantly in science.

The biggest advance was not the invention of fire, or electricity; it was when the tribe learned to make new artificial lenses of other crystals. Thus, the VinsMel entered the age of clear-sightedness.

The influence of the tribe with the lens created a society always looking for a new widget that would give them more influence and an advantage over the others.  Their government evolved into a technocracy based on “early adoption”, the one who has the most toys doesn’t just win, he’s in charge. Because he has the advantage, and the means, to make his own wishes come true at the expense of all others.

They covet all technology, and shiny objects…  Inevitably, their good intentions always lead to accidental abuse of their technology.

Current leader has acquired a synthetic lens from a magnifying glass, accidentally left by a nature hiker on their planet.

They had only just launched a giant telescope into space, for the purpose of studying the star. A bright young student, studying a particularly boring star, accidentally discovered a dangerous asteroid out of orbit when it was on collision course with their planet. Coincidentally, he was just thinking of the process that focused the light of that uninteresting star on his blurry eye, dazing away he realized, he could reverse the process! He exposed their nuclear power source and indeed, burnt the asteroids into small bits, which showed that the giant telescope lens could also be used as a weapon (thus, the hotspot ship). Btw, the VinsMel make the biggest lenses and most powerful telescopes throughout known space.

Short, stocky, in space wearing bulky rubbery space suits, on the hot surface wearing wide sparse clothing (boxer shorts, sun glasses, T-shirts).

They are ripe for a Drax/Rotean encounter because of their technology collecting habits.

This is the time at which they encounter a new species.



